In the seventh year, Jehoiada stood tall,  
Gathered captains, a covenant to call.  

In Judah they roamed, Levites they found,  
Fathers of Israel, to Jerusalem they were bound.  

In God’s house, a pact they did make,  
The king’s son must reign, Yahweh’s words at stake.  

“Here’s the plan, a third of you on guard,  
Gatekeepers on Sabbath, be ready, stand hard.  

A third at the king’s house, a third at the gate,  
Yahweh’s courts filled, let none be late.  

Only priests and Levites inside may tread,  
Holy they are, by Yahweh’s words led.  

The Levites surround the king with might,  
Weapons in hand, ready to fight.  

Anyone intrudes, let them be slain,  
Stand by the king, through night and rain.”  

Judah and Levites, obeyed every word,  
Jehoiada’s command they all heard.  

Weapons of David to captains were passed,  
In God’s house, they stood firm and fast.  

From right to left, they took their stand,  
Near altar and house, weapons in hand.  

The king’s son crowned, covenant in place,  
Anointed with oil, cheers fill the space.  

“Long live the king!” they shouted loud,  
Athaliah heard, mingled with the crowd.  

She saw the king, by the pillar he stood,  
Trumpets blaring, joy in the neighborhood.  

“Treason!” she cried, as she tore her clothes,  
But the captains moved in, as Jehoiada chose.  

“Bring her out, but not in Yahweh’s hall,  
Who follows her dies, heed the call.”  

At the horse gate, her life they did end,  
Jehoiada’s covenant they did defend.  

To Baal’s house they went, tore it down,  
Destroyed altars, broke idols, took Baal’s crown.  

Mattan the priest of Baal met his fate,  
Jehoiada’s order sealed the state.  

Appointed officers in Yahweh’s halls,  
Singing and rejoicing echoed the walls.  

Gatekeepers placed, the unclean denied,  
Yahweh’s house purified, sanctified.  

With nobles and governors, they brought the king,  
To the throne of the kingdom where praises did ring.  

Rejoicing echoed, the city at peace,  
Athaliah slain, her reign did cease.
