Korah and his crew, they started to rise,  
Challengin' Moses, bringin' surprise.  
Two-fifty leaders, men of renown,  
Standin' tall, tryin' to take him down.  

They said, “Moses, you take too much on your plate,  
We’re holy too, we all relate!  
Why you lift yourself above the rest?”  
Moses heard, fell down, distressed.  

“In the morning,” said Moses, “God will choose,  
He’ll show who’s holy, who will lose.  
Korah, bring your censors, light the flame,  
Tomorrow we’ll see who’s callin’ His name.”  

Moses spoke, “Levi, hear me right,  
God's brought you close, givin' you the sight.  
Yet you want the priesthood, grabbin' more,  
Against Yahweh, you wage this war.”  

Dathan and Abiram, Moses did call,  
“We won't come up, we'll not fall.  
You brought us from milk and honey's land,  
Now we're in the wilderness, this ain't grand.”  

Moses got angry, spoke to the Lord,  
“Don’t accept their offering, hear my word.  
I didn’t take nothin', no donkey in sight,  
I've done them no wrong, not a single slight.”  

Moses to Korah, “Tomorrow's the day,  
Bring your censers, come and pray.  
Yahweh's glory will show what’s real,  
Fire and incense, His truth will reveal.”  

Yahweh's glory shone bright,  
"Sinners, separate, before I smite."  
Moses down, face to the ground,  
“God, spare them, one man sinned around.”  

“Get away from Korah,” Moses said,  
“Don’t touch their tents, or you’ll be dead.”  
The earth opened wide, swallowed them whole,  
Korah and crew, down they roll.  

People ran, screaming, “We’ll be next,”  
Fire from Yahweh burned the rest.  
Censers taken, turned to bronze,  
A sign of what went wrong.  

People complained, “You killed our kin!”  
Cloud covered the Tent where Yahweh's been.  
“Step away,” Yahweh warned again,  
Wrath unleashed, a plague did begin.  

Moses commanded, “Aaron, make it stop,  
Incense now, before they drop.”  
Aaron ran, stood between life and death,  
Stopped the plague, gave them breath.  

Fourteen thousand, seven hundred gone,  
The plague halted, Aaron won.  
Returned to Moses, their work done right,  
The plague was stopped, saved from blight.
