Early morning, first day of the week,  
Mary Magdalene to the tomb, her heart to seek.  
Stone rolled away, surprise in her stare,  
She ran to Peter, with news to share.  

"They’ve taken the Lord! We don’t know who,  
Or where they’ve laid him. What shall we do?"  
Peter and another, they ran with speed,  
One outran, like wind, indeed.  

He stoops low, linen cloths in sight,  
But stayed outside, waiting for the light.  
Peter arrived, no hesitation or dread,  
Entered the tomb, saw cloths and headspread.  

The cloth from his head, rolled up neat,  
Separate from others, a mystery complete.  
The other disciple then entered the room,  
Saw and believed, though Scripture was gloom.  

They went home with thoughts to ponder,  
But Mary stayed, her heart in wonder.  
Weeping by the tomb, she stooped to peer,  
Saw angels in white, one foot, one near.  

"Woman, why weeping?" the angels implore,  
"They’ve taken my Lord, I know not more."  
Turning around, she saw him standing,  
But thought him the gardener, a case of misunderstanding.  

"Woman, why weeping? Who do you seek?"  
"Sir, if you’ve moved him, tell me, I’m weak."  
"Mary," he said, her heart skipped a beat,  
"Rabboni!" she cried, falling to his feet.  

"Don’t hold me, not yet ascended am I,  
Tell my brothers I’m going up high."  
Mary ran with joy, the news to tell,  
To the disciples, where they did dwell.  

Evening came, doors locked tight,  
Fear of the Jews kept them in fright.  
Jesus appeared, stood in their space,  
"Peace be to you," he said with grace.  

Hands and side, he showed them,  
Joy filled the room, fears did stem.  
"Peace to you, again I say,  
As Father sent me, I send you today."  

He breathed on them, "Holy Spirit receive,  
Forgive sins, in the power you believe."  
But Thomas missed it, wasn’t there to see,  
"We’ve seen the Lord!" "Not till I see!"  

Eight days later, doors shut tight,  
Jesus appeared, in the midst, light.  
"Peace be to you," was his refrain,  
"Thomas, see my hands, my side’s pain."  

"My Lord and God!" Thomas declared,  
"Believe now you’ve seen, in faith prepared."  
"Blessed are those who believe unseen,  
In their hearts, my truth is keen."  

Many signs Jesus made, not in this scroll,  
But these are written to stir your soul.  
Believe in Jesus, the Christ, God’s Son,  
In his name, life eternal is begun.
