Jesus crossed to Galilee's other side,  
Crowds followed 'cause of miracles, wide-eyed.  

He climbed a mountain, sat with his crew,  
Passover approached, the feast was due.  

Jesus looked up, saw a crowd so great,  
Asked Philip, "Where can we get food for their plate?"  

Philip stressed, "Two hundred coins can't feed this mass,"  
But Andrew spotted a boy with loaves and fish in the grass.  

Jesus instructed, "Have them sit in the green,"  
Five thousand sat down, a sight to be seen.  

He gave thanks, broke the bread, passed it around,  
Fish and loaves multiplied, food was abound.  

"Gather leftovers," Jesus said, "let none go to waste,"  
Twelve baskets filled, a miracle of grace.  

People saw the sign, called Him a prophet divine,  
But Jesus withdrew, knowing they sought a king in line.  

At night disciples sailed, while darkness fell,  
Wind and waves tossed, stormy swells.  

Jesus walked on water, near their boat,  
"Don’t be afraid," He said, keeping them afloat.  

They welcomed Him aboard, reached land with ease,  
Next day, the crowd sought Him across the seas.  

"When did you arrive?" they questioned Him there,  
"Not for signs, but for food you care."  

"Work for food eternal," Jesus did impart,  
"God's seal on the Son, let this be in your heart."  

"What work must we do?" they asked Him in quest,  
"Believe in the One the Father sent, that's the test."  

"What sign will You show?" they demanded of Him,  
"Our fathers ate manna, bread of heaven's hymn."  

"Moses gave not the true bread," Jesus explained,  
"My Father offers life, from heaven it rained."  

"I am the bread of life, never hunger or thirst,  
But you've seen and still don't believe, though I come first."  

"All the Father gives will come, none I’ll dismiss,  
I came to do His will, none shall be missed."  

Jews murmured, "Isn't this Joseph’s son?  
How does He claim from heaven He's come?"  

"None come unless drawn by the Father's hand,  
I'll raise them up, this is God's command."  

"Your fathers ate manna and faced their demise,  
But this living bread grants eternal prize."  

"Eat my flesh, drink my blood, gain eternal life,  
I’ll raise you up, no death, no strife."  

Disciples found it hard, murmured and balked,  
"Does this offend you?" Jesus talked.  

"Spirit gives life, flesh gives none,  
Words I speak are spirit, life begun."  

Some turned away, couldn't take the call,  
Jesus asked the twelve, "Will you leave, will you fall?"  

Peter replied, "To whom shall we go?  
You have life's words, this we know."  

"We believe you're the Christ, God's Son alive,"  
Jesus said, "Yet one of you will connive."  

He spoke of Judas, soon to betray,  
One of the twelve, who'd lead Him away.
