Pilate took Jesus, and had him flogged,  
Soldiers twisted a crown from thorns, his head they clogged.  
Dressed in purple, they mocked, “Hail, King of the Jews!”  
Slapped him, taunted, with ridicule and abuse.  

Pilate stepped out, addressed the crowd,  
“No charge against him,” he said aloud.  
Jesus came forth, thorns and purple on display,  
"Behold the man!" Pilate did convey.  

Priests and officers cried, "Crucify, crucify!"  
“You take him then,” Pilate gave reply.  
The Jews declared, “He claims the divine,  
By our law, this man must resign.”  

Pilate grew fearful, asking, “Where you from?”  
Jesus stayed silent, didn’t succumb.  
“You know I have the power?” Pilate pressed his case,  
Jesus said, “Power only comes from a higher place.”  

Pilate sought to free, but the crowd wouldn’t bend,  
“If you release him, you’re no friend of Caesar’s end!”  
He brought Jesus out, sat down in the seat,  
“Behold your King!” he did repeat.  

"Away with him! Crucify!” was the crowd’s refrain,  
“We have no king but Caesar’s reign.”  
Delivered to them, Jesus was led,  
Bearing his cross to Golgotha, he'd tread.  

Two others by his side, Jesus in the middle,  
Pilate wrote, “King of the Jews,” solved like a riddle.  
The priests protested, but Pilate was firm,  
“What I have written, I confirm.”  

Soldiers parted garments, cast lots for the coat,  
Fulfilling the Scripture, His words they quote.  
By the cross, his mother and friends stood near,  
To the beloved disciple, “Behold, your mother,” clear.  

“I am thirsty,” Jesus declared,  
Vinegar on a sponge, by a soldier prepared.  
“It is finished,” He bowed his head,  
Gave up his spirit, as Scripture said.  

The Sabbath approached, legs were to break,  
But Jesus was gone, no action to take.  
A spear pierced his side, blood and water flowed,  
Scripture fulfilled; His story bestowed.  

Joseph of Arimathea, with Nicodemus in tow,  
Asked for the body, laid it gentle and slow.  
In linens and spices, they wrapped him tight,  
In a garden tomb, they left him that night.  

Preparation Day passed, the tomb was near,  
They laid Jesus to rest, with reverence and care.
