Yo, Jeremiah got a word, straight from Yahweh's mouth,  
"Stand at the gate, preach to Judah, north and south."  

He said, "Listen up, here’s what Yahweh commands,  
Change your ways, and dwell in this land.  

Don't believe the lies, 'Yahweh’s temple, temple,' they say,  
If you do right, you'll stay, if you obey.  

Do justice, protect the weak and the poor,  
Don't shed blood or worship gods anymore.  

Then this land's yours, like I promised your kin,  
Ancient forever, but now you're caught in sin.  

You're trusting in words that won't do a thing,  
Steal, murder, lie, then Baal's praises you sing.  

Come to my house, think you're safe and free,  
Doing all these wrongs, thinking no one will see.  

"This house a den of robbers?" Yahweh cries,  
"I've seen it myself with my own eyes.  

Go to Shiloh, where my name used to dwell,  
Look what I did there 'cause they didn't do well.  

You've ignored my calls, my early rise,  
So Shiloh's fate will be your demise.  

Cast you out, like Ephraim's crew,  
Don't pray for these people, I won't hear you.  

In Judah's cities, Jerusalem's streets,  
Children gather wood, women knead sweets.  

To the queen of heaven, offerings they pour,  
Thinking they're safe, but provoking me more.  

"Is it me you anger?" Yahweh asks,  
"Or is it yourselves with your foolish tasks?"  

My wrath's coming, gonna pour it strong,  
On man, beast, trees, it won't be long.  

"Bring your offerings, add ‘em to your meat,  
I didn't ask for sacrifices when I made you free.  

I said, 'Hear my voice, walk in my way,  
Be my people, and have a brighter day.'  

But you turned away, stubborn hearts won,  
Backward you went, progress undone.  

Sent prophets early, day after day,  
But you shut your ears, pushed them away.  

Speak these words, they won't heed,  
Call them out, they won’t concede.  

"This is a nation, deaf to God's voice,  
Truth has vanished, they've made their choice.  

Cut your hair, lament on the high,  
Yahweh’s rejected, His anger's nigh.  

Judah’s done evil, defiled His name,  
Built high places, to their shame.  

Burning children in Topheth’s fire,  
Never commanded, nor was it desired.  

The valley of slaughter it shall be called,  
Bodies for birds, no one appalled.  

Glad voices in cities will end,  
Bride and groom’s joy, no longer lend.  

Jerusalem's streets, Judah's ground,  
Will lie in waste, no joy to be found."
