Yahweh told me, "Go get a linen belt, wear it on your waist, don't let it melt."  
So I grabbed that belt, did just like He said, placed it on my waist, let His word be led.  

Then He spoke again, "Take that belt you got, head to the Euphrates, find a rocky spot."  
I hid it there, the belt in the cleft of stone, followed His command, left it all alone.  

After many days, "Go back," He said, "retrieve the belt from the place where it was bed."  
So I dug it out, saw it worn and torn, ruined and useless, its purpose all forlorn.  

Then Yahweh spoke, "Judah’s pride I’ll break, just like this belt, their hearts I’ll shake.  
These stubborn folks, who won’t hear My call, who chase other gods, will stumble and fall.  

For like a belt clings tight around the waist, Israel and Judah were meant to be embraced,"  
says Yahweh, "but they turned away, left My name, My glory, in disarray."  

"Speak to them," He said, "Yahweh now proclaims, 'Fill every jar with wine,' let it be their game."  
They'll ask, "Don't we know jars should be filled?" But Yahweh says, "I’ll fill them with what I’ve willed.  

Drunkenness will strike the kings on their throne, priests, prophets, and people shall all be overthrown.  
'I'll smash them together, father and son, no pity or compassion will be shown to anyone.'”  

Listen up now, don’t let pride consume, for Yahweh has spoken, darkness will loom.  
Honor your God before shadows arise, and stumbling feet on dark mountains realize.  

If you refuse, I’ll mourn for your pride, tears will fall for the flock taken aside.  
To king and queen mother, "Humble, sit down, your crowns are gone, lost is your renown."  

Locked are the cities, no one to release, Judah’s captive, taken without peace.  
Look to the north, see what comes your way, where is your flock, who’ll lead you astray?  

When friends turn to foes, sorrows will grip, like a woman in labor, they'll surely rip.  
Ask yourself why these have come to pass, your sins revealed, you’ve been caught at last.  

Can a leopard change spots? Can skin be shed? Only then can evil turn to good instead.  
I’ll scatter them like chaff in the wild, it’s their lot, their trust in lies beguiled.  

Your shame exposed, your deeds laid bare, your abominations, like a snare.  
Woe to Jerusalem, will you ever be clean? How long will it take for purity to be seen?"
