Yahweh's word came to me, clear and bright,  
"Go tell Jerusalem, listen tonight.  

I remember your youth, your wedding's delight,  
Chasing me in deserts, not a land in sight.  

Israel was holy, first fruits of my hand,  
Whoever devours him, will not stand."  

Hear Yahweh's word, O house of Jacob,  
All Israel's families, up in the wake-up!  

"What wrong did your fathers in me see?  
They wandered far, to idols they'd flee.  

Where's Yahweh who led from Egypt's woes,  
Through deserts, pits, shadowy throes?  

I brought you to lands of fruit galore,  
But you defiled my gift, made it impure.  

Priests ask not, 'Where's Yahweh's grace?'  
Rulers rebel, prophets lose their place.  

I'll contend with you, and with your kin,  
Look at Kittim, check out Kedar's sin.  

Has a nation swapped its gods for a loss?  
But my people traded glory at a cost.  

Beware, heavens, be shocked and afraid,  
My people left living waters they'd once craved.  

Broken cisterns they trust, no water they hold,  
Is Israel a slave, in captivity's fold?  

Young lions roar, land laid to waste,  
Cities burned, their cries displaced.  

Memphis and Tahpanhes, they break your crown,  
You forsook Yahweh, when he led you around.  

Why run to Egypt, sip Shihor's stream?  
Assyria's river, just a fleeting dream.  

Wickedness will correct, backsliding will chide,  
Forsaking Yahweh, the bitterness inside.  

Once I broke your yoke, burst your chains,  
Yet on high hills, you played the games.  

I planted noble vine, pure seed of truth,  
Now degenerate branches, oh where's your youth?  

Wash with lye, scrub and clean,  
But your iniquity's seen, it's not washed clean.  

How can you claim, 'I'm pure, no Baals pursued'?  
Check your valley, know what you do.  

Swift as a dromedary, wild donkey gone wild,  
Craving the wind, untamed and riled.  

"Don't go bare, keep thirst at bay,  
But you love strangers; you stray.  

Like a thief caught, with shame in his eyes,  
Israel's ashamed, prophets and lies.  

Wood and stone, called father and mother,  
Turned their backs, in trouble they holler.  

Where are your gods in the time of need?  
For many as your towns, O Judah, take heed.  

Why fight me, all have gone astray,"  
Says Yahweh, as clear as day.  

"I struck your children, but they ignored,  
Your sword devoured prophets, my word?  

Consider Yahweh, am I a dark land?  
Why do they say, 'We've broken the band?'  

Can a bride forget her jewels, her dress?  
Yet my people forget me, in times of stress.  

You teach the wicked love, with ways so deft,  
Innocent's blood on your skirts is left.  

'I'm innocent,' you say, but I see the sin,  
Judgment comes, for you can't begin.  

Why change your ways, why wander so?  
You'll be ashamed of Egypt, as you were long ago.  

Hands on your head, leaving in shame,  
Yahweh rejects your trust, nothing you gain."
