Early dawn, first day of the week,  
They came with spices, ready to seek.  

Stone rolled back, tomb was bare,  
Entered in, but He wasn't there.  

Two men stood in dazzling light,  
Terrified, they bowed at the sight.  

"Why seek the living here, among the dead?  
He's risen, remember what He said."  

"He'd be delivered, crucified, and then,  
The third day rise, alive again."  

His words came back, they ran to tell,  
The eleven and others, where they dwell.  

Mary Magdalene, Joanna, Mary too,  
Told the apostles what they knew.  

To them, it seemed a tale, no belief,  
But Peter ran, seeking relief.  

He saw linen, puzzled, and went home,  
Wondered, "What’s happened? What's gone?"  

Two walked to Emmaus, talking the way,  
When Jesus joined, though hidden that day.  

"What are you discussing, looking so sad?"  
Asked the stranger, making them glad.  

Cleopas spoke, "Are you the only one?  
Don’t know of Jesus, what’s been done?"  

"A prophet mighty, condemned to die,  
We thought He'd redeem, but now He's gone by."  

"Women amazed us, said angels they saw,  
Said He's alive, breaking all law."  

"Some checked the tomb, found it just so,  
But Him they didn't see, where did He go?"  

"Foolish and slow, believe what’s been told,  
Christ had to suffer, as prophets of old."  

From Moses to prophets, He showed the plan,  
Revealed in Scriptures, this Son of Man.  

Approaching the village, He seemed to move on,  
"Stay with us, day's almost gone."  

He took bread, gave thanks, broke it there,  
Eyes opened, then vanished, leaving them aware.  

"Weren’t our hearts burning within?" they said,  
"He opened Scriptures, the living bread."  

Back to Jerusalem, that very hour,  
Found the eleven, shared the power.  

"The Lord is risen, appeared to Simon’s eyes!"  
Shared their story, in breaking bread, surprise.  

Jesus Himself stood, "Peace be to you,"  
Terrified, thinking a spirit they knew.  

"Why troubled? See, it's truly me,  
Touch my hands and feet, flesh and bone to see."  

"Got food here?" He asked, they offered fish,  
Ate before them, fulfilling their wish.  

"Remember what I told, when we walked before,  
Moses, prophets, psalms, all Scriptures more."  

He opened their minds, Scriptures made plain,  
"Christ must suffer, rise the third day again."  

"Repentance, remission, preached in His name,  
To all nations, starting at Jerusalem's fame."  

"You’re witnesses, power from on high,  
Wait in the city, don't let it pass by."  

Led them to Bethany, hands raised high,  
Blessed them, then ascended to the sky.  

They worshiped, returned with joy to the place,  
Temple-bound, praising God’s grace.  

Amen, they sang, filled with His love,  
Blessing God always, from below to above.
