Sealed by Nehemiah, the governor, in the lead,  
Then Zedekiah, Seraiah, followed the creed.  

Azariah, Jeremiah, Pashhur took their stand,  
With Amariah, Malchijah, a righteous band.  

Hattush, Shebaniah, Malluch, on the scroll,  
Harim, Meremoth, Obadiah, played their role.  

Daniel, Ginnethon, Baruch stood tall,  
With Meshullam, Abijah, Mijamin, they call.  

Maaziah, Bilgai, Shemaiah, the priests in line,  
Levites like Jeshua, strong, divine.  

Binnui of Henadad, Kadmiel, the crew,  
Shebaniah, Hodiah, in faith they grew.  

Kelita, Pelaiah, Hanan add to the list,  
Mica, Rehob, Hashabiah, they persist.  

Zaccur, Sherebiah, Shebaniah again,  
Hodiah, Bani, Beninu, these were the men.  

Chiefs of people: Parosh, Pahathmoab, stand,  
Elam, Zattu, Bani, strong in the land.  

Bunni, Azgad, Bebai, names in the set,  
Adonijah, Bigvai, Adin, don’t forget.  

Ater, Hezekiah, Azzur, in their might,  
Hodiah, Hashum, Bezai, in the light.  

Hariph, Anathoth, Nobai, in their place,  
Magpiash, Meshullam, Hezir, in grace.  

Meshezabel, Zadok, Jaddua, they came,  
Pelatiah, Hanan, Anaiah, known by name.  

Hoshea, Hananiah, Hasshub, in line,  
Hallohesh, Pilha, Shobek, divine.  

Rehum, Hashabnah, Maaseiah, stand tall,  
Ahiah, Hanan, Anan, gave their all.  

Malluch, Harim, and Baanah, closed the crew,  
The people, priests, Levites, all in view.  

Separated from the lands, in God’s law they found,  
Moses' commandments, in unity, they’re bound.  

“Don’t give our daughters to the land’s folk,” they swore,  
“Nor take theirs for our sons,” they vowed once more.  

No buying goods on Sabbath, rest is the key,  
Every seventh year, debts forgiven, be free.  

Yearly ordinances, a third of a shekel,  
For the house of God, where righteousness dwells.  

Show bread, meal offerings, burnt offerings too,  
For Sabbaths, new moons, holy feasts, they knew.  

Casting lots for the wood, by father’s decree,  
“Burn on Yahweh’s altar,” year by year, faithfully.  

First fruits of ground, first fruits of trees,  
To Yahweh's house, as grateful as can be.  

Firstborn sons, livestock, herds and flocks,  
To the priests who minister, all as the Law instructs.  

First fruits of dough, wave offerings pure,  
New wine, oil, tithes, Levites ensure.  

Priests and Levites, tithe upon tithe they bring,  
To the house of our God, where the praises ring.  

Offerings of grain, new wine, and oil,  
In the sanctuary, their faith won’t spoil.  

"We won’t forsake the house of our God," they say,  
In unity and strength, they’ll walk His way.
