Yahweh spoke to me, His word was clear,  
"Son of man, speak up, let the people hear.  

"When I bring the sword down on their land,  
A watchman's chosen to make a stand.  

If he sees danger, blows the trumpet sound,  
Warns the people, spreads the word around,  

But they don't listen, and they're swept away,  
Their own blood's on them, that's the price they pay.  

Yet if the watchman fails to sound the call,  
Their lives are lost, but on him it's gonna fall.  

"So you, son of man, you're the watchman now,  
Hear My word, warn them, tell them how.  

If I say, 'Wicked man, you shall die,'  
And you’re silent, don’t even try,  

That man will die, his sins take their toll,  
But his blood's on you, that’s your role.  

Warn him though, and he doesn’t turn,  
He'll face his fate, but your soul's earned.  

"Tell Israel, 'We’re drowning in sin's tide,  
How can we live?' they cried.  

"Say to them, 'As I live,' says the Lord,  
I wish none to die, heed My word.  

Turn, turn from your wicked ways,  
House of Israel, change your days!  

"The righteous won't be saved by past deeds,  
If they turn to sin, in it they bleed.  

When I say to the wicked, 'You will die,'  
But they change their ways, they’ll fly.  

Restore the pledge, do what’s right and just,  
They’ll live for sure, in me they trust.  

"But you say My way’s unfair,  
Yet it’s your ways that strip you bare.  

The righteous who turn from good will fall,  
The wicked who turn will stand tall.  

Yet you claim, 'The way of the Lord is not fair,'  
House of Israel, I’ll judge you square.  

"In captivity’s twelfth year, on a fateful day,  
News came: 'Jerusalem’s lost, swept away!'  

Yahweh spoke again, His hand on me,  
He opened my mouth, set my silence free.  

He said, 'They think the land they’ll claim,  
They violate, and still they stake their claim.  

Eating blood, worshipping idols high,  
Taking lives, thinking they’ll not die?  

"You stand with sword, commit abomination,  
Defile your own, expect salvation?  

The waste places will fall by the sword,  
Fields given to beasts, by pests they'll be gored.  

The land will become a desolation,  
Their sins the cause of devastation.'  

"And you, son of man, they talk and scheme,  
Hearing My words, treating them like a dream.  

They love your sound, a pleasant song you play,  
But do nothing, just talk away.  

"When these things come to pass, as they will,  
Then they'll know a prophet stood still."
