The seventh year, fifth month, day ten,  
Elders of Israel sat before me again.  

Yahweh's word came, a message to send,  
"Son of man, hear, to the elders, extend:  

'Is it Me you inquire, is it Me you seek?  
As I live,' says Yahweh, 'I won't speak.'  

Judge them, son of man, let them understand,  
The wrongs of their fathers, in this very land.  

When I chose Israel, made them my own,  
In Egypt I swore, they'd not be alone.  

'I am Yahweh your God,' I declared,  
A land rich and glorious, for them I prepared.  

'Throw away idols, don't defile your soul,  
For I am Yahweh,' I made my goal.  

But rebellion stirred, they turned away,  
Idols of Egypt, they chose to display.  

I threatened my wrath, to let anger flow,  
But for my name's sake, I let mercy show.  

Out of Egypt, into wilderness wide,  
My laws I gave, to be their guide.  

Sabbaths as signs, between them and me,  
Yet in the wild, they'd not let it be.  

My statutes they scorned, my Sabbaths defiled,  
Declared my wrath, but again I smiled.  

For my own name, among nations, no shame,  
In their presence, I spared my flame.  

To their children I spoke, 'Don't walk their path,  
Forsake the idols, heed not their wrath.  

I am Yahweh, follow my ways,  
Keep my Sabbaths, through all your days.'  

Yet the children rebelled, just like before,  
Statutes abandoned, idols adored.  

I held back my wrath for my name's sake,  
But swore they'd scatter, their bond to break.  

In lands unknown, they'd wander afar,  
For idols' sake, they'd gone too far.  

Son of man, declare to Israel's house,  
Their fathers' blasphemy, loud as a louse.  

In their promised land, high hills they sought,  
Sacrifices offered, their defilement taught.  

"Do you follow their path?" Yahweh asks,  
"Will idols defile, in deceptive masks?"  

"Think not of nations, with wood and stone,  
I'll reign as king, make my power known.  

I'll gather you out, from lands abroad,  
Face to face, you'll meet your God.  

Judgment awaits, as I once swore,  
Rebels purged, in covenant's core.  

House of Israel, go serve your lies,  
But my name, no more will you despise.  

In holy mountains, you'll serve me true,  
Gifts and offerings, from me to you.  

I’ll gather you close, a fragrant delight,  
In sight of nations, my name in light.  

You'll remember your ways, deeds once done,  
Loathe your evils, under the sun.  

Know I am Yahweh, not for your sake,  
For my own name, my mercy I make."  

Yahweh commanded, "Face south, son of man,  
Prophesy the fire, devour the land.  

Green tree, dry tree, all will burn,  
A flame unquenched, the world will learn.  

Everyone will see, Yahweh's hand is true,  
The fire kindled, forever in view."  

I cried, "Ah Lord! They mock my plight,  
'He's just a speaker of riddles,' they spite."
