Yahweh's word came to me, loud and clear,  
"Son of man, face Jerusalem, bring it near.  

Preach to the sanctuaries, speak to the land,  
'Yahweh says, "Against you I stand.  

I'll draw my sword from its sheath, no delay,  
Cutting both righteous and wicked away.  

From south to north, my sword will glide,  
All flesh will know Yahweh's on this ride.  

It won’t return, it’s out for good."  
So sigh, son of man, as you should.  

When they ask, 'Why the sigh, why the groan?'  
Say, 'The news is coming, it’s known.  

Every heart will melt, hands will shake,  
Spirits will faint, knees will quake.  

Behold, it comes, it shall be done,  
Says Yahweh, the only one.'"  

Yahweh spoke again, "Prophesy, say aloud,  
'A sword! A sword! Sharp and proud.  

Polished to flash like lightning bright,  
Sharpened to slaughter, create fright.  

Should we laugh? The rod condemns,  
Polished for the killer's hands, it sends.  

Cry, wail, son of man, for the sword’s on its way,  
Princes of Israel, it will slay.  

Delivered to the sword, my people’s fate,  
So beat your thigh, for it’s too late.  

A trial comes, the rod may fail,  
But strike your hands, let the tale prevail.  

Double the sword, strike three times,  
The fatally wounded, in their primes.  

Threatening all gates, hearts will melt,  
Lightning sharp, its purpose felt.  

Gather, go right, then go left,  
I’ll strike my hands, leave them bereft."  

Yahweh’s word again did speak,  
"Son of man, two paths to seek.  

The sword of Babylon king to come,  
Mark the place, where roads are from.  

One way to Ammon, one to Judah’s door,  
The king sees signs, arrows soar.  

In one hand, the lot for Jerusalem's fate,  
Battering rams, the city gate.  

Though they think it false, oaths are sworn,  
Iniquity remembered, all forlorn.  

Yahweh says, 'Your sins are found,  
You'll be taken, bound to ground.  

Wounded prince, your time is near,  
Remove the crown, the end is clear.  

I’ll overturn, again and again,  
Till he comes, rightful to reign.'"  

"Now for Ammon’s children, hear this call,  
'A sword is drawn, sharp for all.  

Though lies are seen, false visions dance,  
The wicked fall, they lose their chance.  

Return it to sheath, judge in their place,  
Indignation burns, no escape.  

Brutish men will take you down,  
Fuel for fire, in the ground.  

Your blood there, you won’t remain,  
For I, Yahweh, have spoken plain.'"
