Yahweh spoke to Moses, "Turn back, camp by the sea,  
Between Migdol and Baal Zephon, that’s where you'll be.  

Pharaoh will think, ‘They're trapped, nowhere to roam,’  
But I’ll harden his heart, bring him to his doom.  

I’ll get my honor over Pharaoh's might,  
And Egyptians will know I am Yahweh, all right."  

The word got to Pharaoh, "The people have fled!"  
He and his servants regretted what they said.  

Rallied his chariots, six hundred strong,  
All Egypt's forces, they wouldn’t take long.  

Yahweh hardened Pharaoh's heart, they gave chase,  
Israel left with confidence, no time to waste.  

Chariots closing in, Israel saw them come,  
Fear gripped their hearts, cried out, felt undone.  

"Why, Moses? No graves back in Egypt's land?  
Better be slaves than die here in the sand."  

Moses said, "Don't fear, stand firm and see,  
Yahweh's salvation, setting you free.  

"Yahweh will fight, you need only be still,"  
Words to calm the storm, bend their will.  

Yahweh asked Moses, "Why call out to me?  
Tell Israel, march on, prepare to be free.  

Lift up your rod, make the sea divide,  
Israel will walk through with space on each side.  

I’ll harden Egyptians, they’ll come right in,  
But I’ll get glory, for now, let’s begin."  

The angel moved, cloud stood in the night,  
Darkness for Egypt, for Israel light.  

Moses stretched his hand, wind blew the sea,  
Waters parted, dry ground, a path to be.  

Egypt followed, right into the deep,  
All Pharaoh’s forces, their courage steep.  

Morning came, Yahweh watched from the cloud,  
Confused the Egyptians, their wheels unbowed.  

"Let's flee from Israel, Yahweh fights for them!"  
In panic and fear, they couldn’t condemn.  

"Stretch out your hand, Moses, the waters will roll,"  
The sea closed in, engulfed them whole.  

Not one Egyptian left, they met their fate,  
Yahweh’s power, no debate.  

Israel on dry ground, no longer a slave,  
Watery walls, a path Yahweh gave.  

Yahweh saved Israel, saw Egypt’s end,  
They feared Yahweh, trusted Moses, their friend.
