David sang out loud on that glorious day,  
When Yahweh delivered him, took enemies away.  

"Yahweh's my rock, my fortress, my guide,  
In Him I find shelter, in Him I confide.  

He's my shield and salvation, my tower so high,  
My Savior, my refuge, when trouble is nigh.  

I call on Yahweh, so worthy of praise,  
Enemies fall, their strength decays.  

Death's waves surrounded, brought fear in their wake,  
Sheol's cords tied me, my soul tried to break.  

In distress, I called, to Yahweh I cried,  
He heard from His temple, where my pleas abide.  

Earth shook and quaked, heaven's roots did sway,  
Smoke from His nostrils, anger on display.  

Fire from His mouth, coals ignited bright,  
He bowed down heaven, rode in the night.  

On cherubs He flew, on the wind He did ride,  
Darkness His cover, where waters abide.  

Yahweh thundered, His voice split the sky,  
Arrows He shot, confusion did fly.  

Sea's channels appeared, world's base laid bare,  
Yahweh's breath blasted, power beyond compare.  

He reached from on high, lifted me from the deep,  
From strong enemies, His promise He'd keep.  

Though they attacked on a dark, troubled day,  
Yahweh supported, led me away.  

He brought me to spaces vast and wide,  
Delivered me, delighted in me, by His side.  

Rewarded for righteousness, hands clean and true,  
Kept Yahweh's statutes, His will I pursue.  

His ways before me, no wicked path I tread,  
Perfect towards Him, from evil I fled.  

Mercy for merciful, pure for the pure,  
The crooked find shrewdness, but of this I'm sure—  

Yahweh saves the afflicted, the proud He brings low,  
A lamp in the darkness, His light makes me glow.  

By Him, I charge, leap walls in my path,  
Yahweh's word tested, His shield guards from wrath.  

Who's God but Yahweh? Who's a rock but our King?  
He makes my way flawless, His praises I sing.  

He guides my feet, sets me on high,  
Teaches my hands, my strength to apply.  

He gave me His shield, His gentleness great,  
Enlarged my steps, His path I navigate.  

I pursued my foes, left none unscathed,  
Strength for the battle, under Him I'm saved.  

Enemies turned, none stood to defend,  
Crushed like the dust, they met their end.  

Delivered from struggles, made head of the land,  
Nations unknown, now obey my command.  

Yahweh lives, blessed rock of my soul,  
The God who avenges, makes my spirit whole.  

From enemies lifted, from violence set free,  
Among nations, Yahweh, I sing thanks to Thee.  

Great deliverance, to His king is shown,  
Kindness to David, His love made known."
