All the tribes gathered, their voices were strong,  
"We're your bone and flesh, we've been here all along.  

Back when Saul reigned, you led us in and out,  
Yahweh said, 'You'll lead, of that there's no doubt.'  

Elders came to Hebron, in front of Yahweh they stood,  
With a covenant made, David's rule was understood.  

Thirty years young, he began his reign,  
Forty years on, his leadership plain.  

Seven years and some months he ruled in Hebron's sight,  
Then thirty-three in Jerusalem, his kingdom bright.  

To Jerusalem he marched, the Jebusites defiant,  
"The blind and lame will stop you," they were reliant.  

Yet David took Zion, now called David's town,  
"Strike the blind and lame," he said, taking them down.  

In his stronghold he lived, his city named,  
David built around, his greatness proclaimed.  

With Yahweh on his side, David rose higher,  
Hiram of Tyre sent gifts to inspire.  

Cedar, carpenters, and masons came along,  
A house for David, where he would belong.  

He knew Yahweh's hand established him king,  
For Israel's sake, the praises they'd sing.  

More concubines and wives, his family grew wide,  
Sons and daughters born, his legacy applied.  

Shammua, Shobab, Nathan, Solomon fair,  
Ibhar, Elishua, Nepheg, Japhia there.  

Elishama, Eliada, Eliphelet named,  
In Jerusalem, their heritage claimed.  

Philistines heard of David, anointed and true,  
They sought him out, but he knew what to do.  

Down to the stronghold David did go,  
The Philistines spread out, their numbers did grow.  

"Shall I fight them, Yahweh?" David inquired,  
"Go up," said Yahweh, "their defeat is desired."  

Baal Perazim, the battle was won,  
"Yahweh broke them like waters," David's shout was done.  

They left their idols, to David's men they stayed,  
Philistines returned, but Yahweh's plan was laid.  

"Circle behind, wait by the mulberry trees,  
When you hear them march, move with ease."  

Yahweh led the charge, Philistines fell,  
From Geba to Gezer, David's story to tell.
