Ahithophel said, “Let me lead the attack,  
Twelve thousand men, and we'll bring him back.  

When David's tired, and his crew's in retreat,  
I'll strike him alone; his followers'll beat.  

I’ll bring all the people, back to you in peace,  
The kingdom united, the chaos will cease.”  

Absalom nodded, the elders agreed,  
But called Hushai for another read.  

Absalom asked, “Shall it be this way,  
Speak now, Hushai, what do you say?”  

Hushai replied, “Ahithophel’s wrong,  
Your father's a warrior, mighty and strong.  

Like a bear robbed of cubs, he’s fierce and sly,  
Hiding in pits, he’ll make our men cry.  

Even the brave, their courage will melt,  
For David's power, all Israel felt.  

Gather all Israel, from Dan to Beersheba,  
And you lead them, as the king’s deceiver.  

We’ll find him, like dew on the ground,  
Not one of his men will be around.  

If he hides in a city, ropes we'll bring,  
Drag it to the river, dismantle the king.”  

Absalom and his men saw the logic in line,  
Hushai's advice seemed truly divine.  

But Yahweh had plans, to turn the tide,  
Ahithophel's counsel, cast aside.  

Hushai told Zadok, "Tell David, flee,  
Don’t wait at the fords, cross the sea.  

Jonathan and Ahimaaz hide in En Rogel's part,  
A servant girl relays, so no one can start.  

But a boy saw the scheme, and let Absalom know,  
The spies ran to hide, in a well down below.  

The woman spread grain, kept their cover tight,  
Absalom’s men searched, found no one in sight.  

Then the spies rose, to David they came,  
“Cross the Jordan, avoid Ahithophel’s game.”  

David moved quickly, by morning light,  
He and his people, all took flight.  

Ahithophel, seeing his plan fall through,  
Saddled his donkey, his life he withdrew.  

David arrived in Mahanaim's land,  
Absalom crossed Jordan with his band.  

Amasa took charge, replacing Joab's might,  
Leading Israel in Gilead's fight.  

David was met with much-needed relief,  
Foods and supplies, to ease his grief.  

Beds, vessels, wheat, and grain so sweet,  
For David's people, weary from the heat.  

“The folks are hungry, thirsty, and worn,”  
Said the three friends who came to mourn.
