Israel asked, "Who's gonna lead our fight?"  
God said, "Judah, take the flight."  
Judah turned to Simeon, said, "Join my quest,  
Together we'll put Canaanites to the test."  

They marched on Bezek, ten thousand fell,  
Canaanites and Perizzites, they rang the bell.  
Adoni-Bezek tried to run, but they chased him down,  
Cut his thumbs and toes, took his crown.  

Adoni-Bezek sighed, "Seventy kings I made crawl,  
Now God's done to me, what I did to them all."  
They took him to Jerusalem, and there he died,  
Judah fought that city, set it aflame with pride.  

Next, to the hill country, South, and lowland,  
Hebron fell to Judah's strong hand.  
Sheshai, Ahiman, Talmai met their fate,  
Debir was next, with Caleb's bait.  

Caleb said, "Achsah, my daughter's the prize,  
To the one who takes Kiriath Sepher's skies."  
Othniel stepped up, conquered and won,  
Achsah became his, as the deal was done.  

Achsah asked Caleb, "Bless me, Dad, indeed,  
You've given me land, now water I need."  
Caleb granted springs, upper and low,  
Fulfilling her wish, letting blessings flow.  

Judah and Simeon cleared Zephath's way,  
Called it Hormah, where enemies lay.  
Gaza, Ashkelon, Ekron fell to their might,  
Yahweh was with them, pushing darkness to light.  

Yet in valleys iron chariots roamed,  
Judah couldn't drive them, but still called it home.  
Hebron was Caleb's, as Moses had said,  
The sons of Anak from there he sped.  

Benjamin couldn’t clear the Jebusite path,  
In Jerusalem, they shared a bath.  
Joseph's house went to Bethel with care,  
Spied it out, Yahweh was there.  

They found a man, who showed them the way,  
They struck down Bethel, the man went away.  
He built a new Luz, Hittite ground,  
A city where peace and safety were found.  

But some tribes couldn't drive Canaanites out,  
Manasseh, Ephraim, Zebulun had doubt.  
Asher and Naphtali shared their land,  
Canaanites stayed, labor was the command.  

Dan was pushed up to the hills,  
Amorites stood strong, enforcing their wills.  
Yet Joseph's house had the upper hand,  
Amorites bowed under their demand.  

The borders were drawn, conflicts set,  
Israel moved on, challenges unmet.
