Abimelech rolled to Shechem with a plan so sly,  
To his mother's kin, said, "Let me testify.  

"Seventy rulers or just one from your own?  
I'm your flesh and bone, not just some clone."  

His family sold the pitch, "He's our blood, our kin."  
Seventy silver coins got him reckless men.  

At Ophrah's house, he made his deadly mark,  
Seventy brothers slain, in the dark.  

Jotham, the youngest, snuck away,  
While Shechem crowned Abimelech that day.  

Jotham stood on Gerizim, lifting his voice,  
"Listen up, Shechem, you made your choice.  

"The trees sought a king: Olive said, 'I got my own,  
Why leave my oil, my rightful throne?'  

"Fig tree said, 'My sweetness ain't for trade,'  
And the vine's new wine wasn't swayed.  

"Then to the bramble, the trees turned,  
'Come reign,' they asked, from wisdom they'd spurned.  

"If truth you seek, shelter in my shade;  
Else fire will rise, make the cedars afraid.  

"If Abimelech's your righteous king, then fine,  
But if not, let fire blaze, it's a dangerous line."  

Jotham fled to Beer, fearing his kin's plot,  
Abimelech ruled three years, til the pot was hot.  

God sent a rift, Shechem's men turned sly,  
For the blood of the seventy sons, justice would fly.  

Ambush planned by the mountain's crest,  
Abimelech warned, Gaal put to the test.  

Drunk in the field, Shechem cursed his name,  
Gaal challenged, "Abimelech's got no claim.  

"Zebul's men? They're not my kin,  
Wish I led, I'd put him in a spin."  

Zebul heard, boiling with rage,  
Crafted a message, set the stage.  

"Gather by night, in the field lay,"  
Abimelech struck at the break of day.  

Gaal saw the shadows, thought them men,  
Zebul pushed him, "Fight, see where you've been."  

Gaal fell back, Shechem lost hope,  
Zebul kicked him out, his brothers couldn't cope.  

Abimelech split his forces, the city they took,  
Killed, salted the land, destruction shook.  

Men of Shechem hid in fear of his reign,  
Abimelech burned the tower, their efforts in vain.  

On to Thebez, another city in sight,  
But a woman from the tower put up a fight.  

A millstone flew, busted his head,  
He called a young man, "Strike me dead.  

Let no one say a woman did me in,"  
So the young man complied, ending his spin.  

When Israel saw Abimelech's demise,  
They scattered home, no surprise.  

God repaid Abimelech's violent spree,  
Jotham's curse fulfilled, justice came to be.
