Samson went to Gaza, saw a lady of the night,  
Word spread quick, "Samson's here, let's take him by surprise, tonight."  

The Gazites lay in wait, quiet 'til the morning sun,  
"At dawn," they said, "we'll pounce, our victory begun."  

But Samson, up at midnight, ready for some action,  
Tore the city gates, post and all, no distraction.  

He put them on his shoulders, climbed to Hebron's top,  
Strong and bold, he didn't stop, he didn't flop.  

Next, he loved Delilah in Sorek's valley wide,  
Philistines approached her, seeking secrets he would hide.  

"Entice him," they said, "find his strength's source,  
Bind him, we'll pay you, follow this course."  

Delilah asked Samson, "Tell me where your power lies,"  
"If I'm bound with fresh cords, I'll be weak," he replies.  

They tried the green cords, ambush set in the inner room,  
Samson broke them easy, while danger loomed.  

"You've mocked me," Delilah cried, "tell me true,"  
"If bound with new ropes, then weak I'll be too."  

Again, he broke free, ropes couldn't hold,  
She pressed on further, growing bold.  

"If you weave my hair with the fabric, then I'll fall,"  
But he awoke, strong, and answered the call.  

"How can you say you love me, when lies are all you give?"  
Day by day, she pressed, until his truth did relive.  

"No razor's touched my head, a Nazirite I've been,  
Shave my head, my strength is gone, my weakness keen."  

Seeing truth lay bare, she called her allies near,  
They shaved his head, his power disappeared.  

"The Philistines are here, Samson!" she cried once more,  
But he was weak, Yahweh's strength no more.  

The Philistines seized him, put out his eyes to blind,  
Bound him in bronze, in prison to grind.  

Yet his hair began to grow, a silent sign of might,  
Philistines, in triumph, gave praise to Dagon's light.  

"Our god has delivered Samson, our foe," they declared,  
Called him to perform, but underestimations were dared.  

Samson said to the boy, "Let me feel the pillars strong,"  
The house was full, three thousand looked on.  

He prayed, "Lord Yahweh, remember me this day,  
Strengthen me once more, let the Philistines pay."  

He pushed the pillars with all his power inside,  
"Let me die with them," he called, and with that, allied.  

The house fell down, lords and people alike,  
More died in his death, avenged with his final strike.  

His family came and took him, to bury him with care,  
In Manoah's site, twenty years his justice did declare.
