Nebuchadnezzar, king of all lands, listen up, it's true,  
Peace be with you, and may your days be many, too.  

I’ve seen signs and wonders, the Most High’s mighty hand,  
His kingdom's everlasting, His dominion will stand.  

I was chillin' in my palace, living the dream,  
But a vision came upon me, made me wanna scream.  

Called my wise men, said, "Come and interpret my dream,"  
But none could explain, none could make it seem.  

Then Daniel, Belteshazzar, the spirit's in this man,  
I told him of the dream, asked him to make a plan.  

“Belteshazzar, master, holy gods dwell in you,  
Tell me what I saw, tell me what’s true."  

In my dream, there stood a tree, reaching the sky,  
Strong and mighty, branches spread wide and high.  

Leaves lush and pretty, full of fruit to eat,  
Animals found shade, birds took a seat.  

Then a watcher came down, a voice rang loud,  
“Chop the tree, strip it bare, make the mighty bow.”  

“Leave the stump, roots in the ground, wrapped in bronze and iron,  
Let it stay in the field, wet with dew from Zion.”  

“Change his heart to a beast’s, let him roam the land,  
Seven times will pass, till he understands.”  

“This is decreed, for all men to know,  
The Most High rules, sets kings high and low.”  

“Now, Belteshazzar, tell me, what does it mean?  
None can explain, but you have seen.”  

Daniel paused, troubled by what he would say,  
“King, may this dream be for those who hate your way.”  

“The tree, O king, is you, strong as can be,  
Your greatness reaches far, as far as the eye can see.”  

“But the watcher’s decree, the tree to be felled,  
Means you’ll be driven out, in the wild you’ll dwell.”  

“Eat grass like an ox, wet with heaven’s dew,  
Till you know the Most High rules, and sets whom He chooses, too.”  

“Yet, leave the stump, roots not removed nor gone,  
Your kingdom’s sure, once you know where you belong.”  

So, O king, hear my plea, make your ways right,  
Show mercy to the poor, walk in the light.  

A year went by, the king in pride proclaimed,  
“Look at Babylon, by my power made grand and famed!”  

While those words were still hanging in the air,  
A voice came from heaven, judgment laid bare.  

“O king, your kingdom’s gone, stripped from your hand,  
You'll live with the beasts, roam the wild land.”  

And so it happened, driven from men,  
Ate grass like an ox, in the field he was penned.  

Hair like eagle’s feathers, nails like claws,  
Till he knew the Most High rules, without pause.  

At the end, I looked up, understanding came back to me,  
I praised the Most High, His kingdom’s eternity.  

All earth's as nothing, He does His will all around,  
No one can stop Him, His power has no bound.  

Then my kingdom restored, majesty again found,  
Counselors sought me, greatness did abound.  

Now I, Nebuchadnezzar, praise Heaven’s King,  
His works are truth, justice in everything.  

Those who walk in pride, He will humble down,  
The Most High reigns, wears the eternal crown.
