Levites stepped to Eleazar, Joshua at the front,  
Heads of tribes in Shiloh, ready for what they want.  

"Yahweh spoke through Moses, give us cities to live,  
Pasture lands for our flocks, that's what you gotta give."  

Israel's children shared their land just right,  
Cities for Levites, in Yahweh's sight.  

Kohathites first, Aaron's kin got thirteen,  
From Judah, Simeon, Benjamin, the scene was clean.  

Kohath's rest got ten, Ephraim, Dan's crew,  
Half-tribe of Manasseh, their lot was true.  

Gershon's line got thirteen, Bashan and beyond,  
Issachar, Asher, Naphtali, the bond was strong.  

Merari's kids got twelve, from Reuben, Gad, Zebulun,  
Cities and pastures, the givin' was done.  

These gifts of land, Yahweh's command,  
Tribes of Judah and Simeon, the cities were planned.  

For Aaron's line, Kiriath Arba, Hebron known,  
Fields to Caleb, possession of his own.  

Hebron for Aaron's priests, refuge city on the hill,  
Libnah, Jattir, Eshtemoa, all with space to till.  

Holon, Debir, Ain, Juttah, Beth Shemesh too,  
Nine cities in total, pasture lands in view.  

Benjamin's lands, Gibeon, Geba, Anathoth, Almon,  
Four cities, sacred spaces where life went on.  

Kohath's rest got cities from Ephraim's peaks,  
Shechem, and Gezer, refuge for those who seek.  

Kibzaim, Beth Horon, Dan's land next,  
Elteke, Gibbethon, Aijalon, context.  

Half-tribe of Manasseh, Taanach, Gath Rimmon,  
Ten cities for Kohath, pastures within.  

Gershon's line from Manasseh's half, Golan, Bashan,  
Issachar and Asher, lands where Gershon ran.  

Naphtali's Kedesh, refuge city again,  
Hammothdor, Kartan, for Gershon's men.  

Merari's children, Zebulun's lot,  
Reuben, Gad's cities, settled on the spot.  

Forty-eight cities, Levites' homes in the land,  
Pasture lands around, as Yahweh planned.  

Yahweh gave Israel land, just as He swore,  
Rest on all sides, enemies no more.  

Everything Yahweh promised, nothing failed to pass,  
Israel's house saw His word come to last.
