Israel's sons, a legendary crew,  
Reuben, Simeon, Levi, Judah too.  

Issachar, Zebulun, Dan, and Joe,  
Benjamin, Naphtali, Gad, Asher, in the flow.  

Judah's boys, Er, Onan, Shelah three,  
Born of Shua's daughter, Canaan's decree.  

Er was wicked, God took him down,  
Tamar bore Perez, Zerah, in Judah's town.  

Perez had Hezron and Hamul in line,  
Zerah's five were Zimri, Ethan, Heman, Calcol, and Dara, all fine.  

Carmi's son Achar, a trouble did make,  
Ethan's son Azariah, for righteousness' sake.  

Hezron's sons Jerahmeel, Ram, Chelubai,  
Ram fathered Amminadab, prince in the sky.  

Amminadab to Nahshon, Nahshon to Salma,  
Salma to Boaz, who knew Ruth like a drama.  

Boaz to Obed, Obed to Jess,  
Jess to Eliab, Abinadab, Shimea, no less.  

Nethanel, Raddai, Ozem, and lastly Dave,  
Zeruiah and Abigail, sisters brave.  

Zeruiah birthed Abishai, Joab, Asahel,  
Abigail bore Amasa, his tale they would tell.  

Caleb's line through Azubah, Jesher, Shobab, Ardon,  
When Azubah passed, he married Ephrath, Hur was born.  

Hur to Uri, then Bezalel came,  
Hezron's adventures, his age had no claim.  

Machir's daughter bore Segub, a Gilead affair,  
Jair with his cities, land of Gilead, rare.  

Caleb's territory in Ephrath, Hezron's rest,  
Abijah bore Ashhur, Tekoa's manifest.  

Jerahmeel's sons, Ram and Bunah's flair,  
Oren, Ozem, Ahijah, a family rare.  

Ram's sons Maaz, Jamin, Eker, line's run,  
Onam's Shammai and Jada, dynastic fun.  

Shammai's line, Nadab, Abishur takes,  
Abishur's wife Abihail, Ahban and Molid make.  

Nadab's Seled and Appaim, Seled bore none,  
Appaim to Ishi, Sheshan, Ahlai, the sun.  

Jada's sons Jether, Jonathan live,  
Jether died childless, Jonathan had Peleth and Zaza to give.  

Sheshan had no sons, gave a daughter to Jarha,  
Jarha to Attai, and the line would go far.  

Attai to Nathan, Zabad then,  
From Zabad to Ephlal, Obed again.  

Obed to Jehu, then Azariah,  
To Helez and Eleasah, Sismai in the choir.  

Sismai to Shallum, Jekamiah then,  
Elishama's name completes the men.  

Caleb's sons Mesha, Ziph the sire,  
Hebron's sons Korah, Tappuah, Rekem, Shema, take you higher.  

Shema to Raham, Jorkeam where they're from,  
Rekem to Shammai, Maon and Beth Zur hum.  

Caleb's concubines, Ephah bore Haran,  
Moza, Gazez, and Jahdai's clan.  

Jahdai's Regem, Jothan, Geshan, Pelet,  
Ephah, Shaaph, Maacah’s tale to set.  

Maacah bore Sheber, Tirhanah's line,  
Shaaph of Madmannah, Sheva, Machbena, Gibea in time.  

Caleb’s daughter Achsah, more tales unfold,  
Shobal, Kiriath Jearim, Salma, Beth Gader told.  

Kiriath Jearim's sons were many,  
Haroeh, Menuhoth, not just any.  

Families of the scribes at Jabez,  
Kenites from Hammath, Rechab's house impress.
