Judah's line: Perez, Hezron, Carmi, Hur, Shobal,  
Shobal's boy Reaiah had sons, Jahath in the hall.  
Jahath begat Ahumai and Lahad, that's their fate,  
Families of the Zorathites, they relate.  

In Etam, the sons were Jezreel, Ishma, and Idbash, you see,  
Their sister was Hazzelelponi, quite the family.  
Penuel fathered Gedor, Ezer fathered Hushah for more,  
Sons of Hur, Ephrathah's first, Bethlehem's core.  

Ashhur of Tekoa, two wives, Helah and Naarah in life,  
Naarah bore Ahuzzam, Hepher, Temeni, and Haahashtari, no strife.  
Helah brought forth Zereth, Izhar, and Ethnan,  
Hakkoz begat Anub, Zobebah, and Aharhel's clan.  

Jabez outdid his brothers, his name came from pain,  
Called to God of Israel, blessings he'd gain:  
"Oh, bless me indeed, enlarge my border wide,  
Keep me from evil, in you I confide."  
God granted his prayer, his borders increased,  
His life was blessed, from worry released.  

Chelub fathered Mehir, who fathered Eshton,  
Eshton begat Beth Rapha, Paseah, Tehinnah’s son.  
The sons of Kenaz: Othniel and Seraiah, no doubt,  
Othniel's son was Hathath, their names we shout.  

Caleb’s sons, Jephunneh's pride: Iru, Elah, Naam,  
Elah’s son, Kenaz, joined the family jam.  
Jehallelel's sons were Ziph, Ziphah, Tiria, Asarel,  
While Ezrah’s sons were Jether, Mered, Epher, Jalon — they dwell.  

Mered’s wife bore Jered, Heber, Jekuthiel in her day,  
The sons of Pharaoh’s daughter, Bithiah, along the way.  
Hodiah’s wife’s sons fathered Keilah Garmite, Eshtemoa Maacathite,  
Shimon’s sons, Ishi's too, their names in the light.  

Shelah’s sons, Judah's posterity: Er of Lecah's name,  
Laadah of Mareshah, from linen workers came.  
Jokim, men of Cozeba, Joash, Saraph, once ruled,  
These records are ancient, their lineages schooled.  

Simeon's sons: Nemuel, Jamin, Jarib, Zerah, Shaul's kin,  
Shallum, Mibsam, Mishma, lineages within.  
Mishma's sons were Hammuel, then Zaccur and Shimei,  
Shimei’s offspring many, unlike his brothers’ way.  

They lived in Beersheba, Moladah, Hazarshual’s land,  
In Bilhah, Ezem, Tolad, their cities they planned.  
In Bethuel, Hormah, Ziklag, they spread their fame,  
Till David’s reign, their cities bore their name.  

Villages of Etam, Ain, Rimmon, Tochen, Ashan, five wide,  
To Baal, their settlements, genealogies as their guide.  
Meshobab, Jamlech, Joshah of Amaziah’s line,  
Joel, Jehu of Joshibiah, lineage so fine.  

Elioenai, Jaakobah, Jeshohaiah, Asaiah, listed in show,  
Adiel, Jesimiel, Benaiah, and Ziza to grow.  
Princes in their families, their father's house grew,  
To Gedor's entrance, east valley, their flocks pursued.  

In Hezekiah's days, they struck, Meunim's land they took,  
Destroyed utterly, for the flock's sake, they shook.  
Simeon’s five hundred reached Mount Seir, in might,  
Led by Pelatiah, Neariah, Rephaiah, Uzziel’s sight.  

They struck the Amalekites, remnants disappeared,  
In Seir, they settled, in history endeared.
