The Kingdom's like a boss, early on the scene,  
Hiring workers for his vineyard, paying them clean.  

A denarius a day, that's the deal they made,  
Into the vineyard, they went, all ready to get paid.  

Around the third hour, he saw some still free,  
He said, "Go to the vineyard, I'll pay what's right, you'll see."  

And again at the sixth, then the ninth hour, he came,  
Sending more to the vineyard, the deal was the same.  

At the eleventh hour, found others standing still,  
"Why idle all day?" he asked, with a will.  

"No one hired us," they replied, standing alone,  
He said, "To the vineyard, I'll make it right, go on."  

Evening came, wages time, the call went out,  
From last to first, pay the workers all about.  

Those hired late got a denarius, paid fair,  
The first ones thought they'd get more, then came the glare.  

"We worked all day in the sun, the heat was great,  
They worked one hour, yet wages equate?"  

He said, "Friend, no wrong did I do,  
A denarius was the deal, that's what I give you.  

Take your pay and go, I choose to bless,  
Is it wrong if my good causes your distress?"  

"The last will be first, the first last," he spoke,  
"For many are called, few chosen," he awoke.  

Jesus heading to Jerusalem, pulled his crew aside,  
"Soon the Son of Man will be crucified.  

Delivered and mocked, scourged cruelly,  
Raised on the third day, victory fully."  

Zebedee's mom came, sons at her side,  
"Let them sit, your right and left," she cried.  

Jesus replied, "You know not what you ask,  
Can you drink my cup, complete the task?"  

"We are able," they said, bold and stout,  
"My cup you'll drink, but seats? Father sorts that out."  

The ten heard, and anger stirred,  
Jesus called them near, spoke his word.  

"Rulers lord over, but not you,  
Greatness serves, first be a servant true.  

Son of Man came to serve, give his life,  
A ransom for many, ending strife."  

Leaving Jericho, crowds did follow,  
Two blind men by the road, hearts hollow.  

"Lord, have mercy, Son of David, please!"  
The crowd shushed them, but they wouldn't cease.  

Jesus paused, asked them clear,  
"What do you want? Let me hear."  

"Open our eyes, Lord, that's our plea,"  
With compassion, he touched, and they did see.  

Immediately sight restored, they followed him,  
The blind now could see, hope no longer dim.
