Disciples asked, "Who's the greatest, pray?"  
Jesus called a child to show the way.  

"Unless you change, like kids, pure and mild,  
You won't enter Heaven—be humble like a child.  

Receive a child, you receive me,  
Cause them to stumble? Better sink in the sea.  

Woe to the world for stumbling's rise,  
But woe to the one through whom it flies.  

If your hand or foot causes dismay,  
Cut it off, toss it away.  

Better maimed in life to reside,  
Than whole and cast in the eternal fire wide.  

If your eye leads you to err,  
Pluck it out, better to see with one, than despair.  

Don't despise these little ones, I say,  
Their angels see the Father every day.  

The Son of Man's here to save the lost,  
Seek the stray, no matter the cost.  

If a man has a hundred, and one sheep roam,  
He'll leave the rest to bring that one home.  

Rejoice more for the one found astray,  
Than for the ninety-nine who stayed safe that day.  

Father in heaven wants none to be lost,  
Each soul's precious, regardless the cost.  

"If your brother sins, go alone to show,  
If he hears, you've gained a friend, you know.  

If not, take others, have the truth revealed,  
If he won't listen, let the assembly be appealed.  

Treat him as a Gentile, if he won't hear,  
On earth or in heaven, agreement's clear.  

Where two or three gather in my name,  
There I am, right in the middle of the frame."  

Peter asked, "How often to forgive, what's the score?"  
"Seventy times seven, and then some more."  

The Kingdom's like a king who called to account,  
One servant owed a massive amount.  

Couldn't pay, was sold with kin and all,  
He begged for patience, promised to stand tall.  

Moved by compassion, the king set him free,  
Forgave his debt, a new decree.  

But that servant found another who owed few,  
Grabbed him by the throat, "Pay what's due!"  

The fellow servant begged, "Be patient with me,"  
But he was thrown in prison, no mercy to see.  

Others saw and told the king the tale,  
"You wicked servant!" his voice starts to wail.  

"I forgave you much, begged for reprieve,  
Shouldn't you have done the same, believe?"  

In anger, he was delivered to the pain,  
Till he paid the debt that did remain.  

Heavenly Father will do the same to you,  
If you don't forgive your brother, from your heart true.
