Through cities and towns, Paul and crew,  
Thessalonica's the spot, a synagogue in view.  

Paul's custom was clear, three Sabbaths he'd preach,  
From Scriptures, the Christ's story he'd teach.  

"This Jesus, the Christ," he proclaimed,  
Some believed, their hearts were inflamed.  

But some Jews, unpersuaded, they stirred up a scene,  
Grabbed some rough men, made the city mean.  

Jason's house was stormed, chaos did roar,  
"These world-turners are here!" they swore.  

"Jason's harboring them, Caesar's rules they defy,  
Claiming Jesus king, not a Roman lie."  

The city quaked, rulers troubled in mind,  
Jason posted bail, left woes behind.  

Paul and Silas, brothers sent them away,  
To Beroea by night, not to delay.  

Beroeans noble, searching words with zeal,  
Many believed, with fervor they'd feel.  

But Thessalonian Jews, upon hearing the word,  
Stirred more trouble, their anger stirred.  

Brothers sent Paul off, to the sea he'd fly,  
Silas and Tim stayed, not saying goodbye.  

Paul reached Athens, idols all around,  
Spirit provoked, he spoke with sound.  

Jews in the synagogue, market chats too,  
Epicureans and Stoics asked, "What's new?"  

"What's this babbler want to say?"  
"Foreign gods?" they wondered that day.  

To the Areopagus they took him,  
"New teachings? Let us begin."  

All Athenians loved a brand-new tale,  
Paul stood ready, without fail.  

"You men of Athens, religious you seem,  
'Unknown God' altars in your worship scheme.  

This God I proclaim, who made earth and sky,  
"Not in temples," was his reply.  

Life and breath he gives, in him we move,  
From one blood he made nations groove.  

Seek him, find him, he's never far,  
In him we live, he's our guiding star.  

God isn't gold, or stone, or art,  
He's the living God, in our heart.  

"Repent," he calls, "a judgment, a day,  
By the man he raised, he will have his say."  

Resurrection talk, some mocked with glee,  
Others said, "Again, we want to see."  

Paul departed, yet some believed,  
Dionysius, Damaris, their hearts relieved.
