Yo, listen up, I got Good News to share,  
It's the truth I preached, hope's in the air.  

Stand firm, hold tight, let it save your soul,  
Don't let your faith fade, don't let it roll.  

Christ died for our mess, that's what I got,  
Buried, then rose, can't keep Him in a plot.  

He showed to Cephas, then the twelve, they saw,  
Five hundred strong, yeah, they heard the call.  

James and apostles, they got the sight,  
Then came to me, like a flash of light.  

I ain't worthy, I'm the least, I confess,  
I chased God's crew, but now I'm blessed.  

"By grace I am," He lifted me from the pit,  
Worked hard, but it's His grace, I admit.  

We preached the truth, you believed, that's key,  
Christ risen, that's the victory.  

But if He ain't up, ain't no dead gonna rise,  
Then faith and words are empty lies.  

If Christ ain't up, we're stuck in our sins,  
But He rose first, when the new life begins.  

Death came through one man, life's new plan,  
In Christ, we rise, with His mighty hand.  

Order in place, Christ first, then the throng,  
He'll crush all foes, where they belong.  

Death, the last enemy, will be laid to rest,  
All things under His feet, He'll do His best.  

"All things subjected," except the One above,  
Till God's all in all, that's eternal love.  

Why risk it all if the dead don't rise?  
Daily I die, in His strength lies.  

Some ask, "How rise?" It's a mystery deep,  
Sown in weakness, in power we'll leap.  

Different flesh and bodies, glory to each,  
Celestial and terrestrial, lessons they teach.  

Like Adam of dust, we all bear that frame,  
But His heavenly image, we too will claim.  

Flesh and blood can't inherit the throne,  
But a new body waits, down to the bone.  

In a moment's blink, we'll all transform,  
Trumpet sounds, new life is the norm.  

Perishable dons the imperishable, it's true,  
Death's swallowed in victory, life's brand new.  

"Death, where's your sting?" We shout bold and free,  
Thanks to God, through Christ, victory we see.  

So stand firm, brothers, in the work of the Lord,  
Your toil ain't in vain, so press toward.
