Crossed the sea, landed on the Gadarenes' side,  
Out the boat stepped Jesus, where the spirits abide.  

From the tombs, a man with an unclean heart,  
Chains couldn't hold him, he tore them apart.  

Day and night, crying, cutting with stones,  
Living in the tombs, where the wind always moans.  

Saw Jesus from afar, and he ran with dread,  
"What do you want, Son of God?" he loudly said.  

Jesus spoke, "Come out, you unclean spirit,  
What’s your name?" The spirit didn't fear it.  

"My name is Legion, for we are many here,"  
Begged not to be sent away, his voice full of fear.  

On the hillside, a herd of pigs feeding,  
"Send us to the pigs," came the demons’ pleading.  

Jesus allowed, demons left with a shriek,  
Pigs rushed the sea, drowning in the deep creek.  

The keepers fled, spreading word in the town,  
People came, saw what went down.  

The man now clothed, in his right mind,  
Fear gripped them all, left all speech behind.  

Begged Jesus to leave, their hearts in fright,  
The man asked to follow, into the night.  

But Jesus said, "Go to your friends,  
Tell them what the Lord did, make amends."  

The man proclaimed in Decapolis wide,  
Marveling at Jesus, with hearts open wide.  

Back in the boat, Jesus crossed the sea,  
Crowds gathered, drawn to the mystery.  

Jairus from the synagogue bowed at his feet,  
"My daughter's dying, make her heartbeat."  

Jesus went with him, the crowd pressed tight,  
A woman came, sick in her plight.  

Twelve years suffering, physicians no use,  
Touched his clothes, hoping for good news.  

"If I touch his clothes, I'll be healed," she'd say,  
Immediately, her affliction went away.  

Jesus felt the power drain from the fold,  
Turned, "Who touched my clothes?" he boldly told.  

Disciples questioned as the crowd was dense,  
But he sought the woman, her trembling immense.  

"Your faith has healed, go in peace," he declared,  
And her heart soared, no longer scared.  

News came, Jairus's daughter had died,  
"Don't trouble him further," the messengers cried.  

Jesus said, "Fear not, just believe,"  
Took his close disciples, prepared to relieve.  

At the house, mourners wailing in despair,  
"The child isn't dead, just sleeping there."  

They laughed, but he cleared the room with care,  
Took her hand, "Talitha cumi," his words rare.  

The girl arose, walked at twelve years old,  
Amazement filled the room, a miracle retold.  

"Keep it quiet, give her something to eat,"  
Jesus left the house, his mission complete.
