He roamed to Judea, crossed Jordan's line,  
Crowds gathered near, like every time.  

Pharisees stepped up, testing his might,  
"Can a man divorce his wife? Is it right?"  

Jesus replied, "What did Moses command?"  
"A certificate of divorce," they did understand.  

"For your hardness of heart," Jesus explained,  
"But from creation's start, they were ordained.  

God made them male and female, united as one,  
The bond is sacred, what God’s begun.  

What God joined, man shouldn't divide,"  
In private, the disciples sought more inside.  

"Divorce and remarry, adultery's named,  
A woman's same action, equally blamed."  

Kids approached, disciples turned them away,  
Jesus, indignant, had his own say:  

"Let the children come, don't hold them back,  
God's Kingdom's theirs, that's a fact.  

Who can't receive like a child, won’t see the light,"  
He blessed them all, held them tight.  

A man then ran, knelt and asked,  
"Good Teacher, eternal life, how is it grasped?"  

"Why call me good? Only God is good,"  
Jesus explained, as he should.  

The commandments you know, keep them in sight,  
The man said, "I've kept them, all my life."  

"One thing you lack," Jesus did say,  
"Sell all you have, give it away.  

Treasure in heaven, take up the cross,  
Follow me, no matter the cost."  

The man turned sad, for riches he had,  
Jesus saw, and his teaching was clad:  

"Hard for the wealthy to enter the fair,  
A camel and a needle, easier to pair."  

The disciples wondered, "Who then is saved?"  
“With God, it’s possible,” Jesus waved.  

Peter said, “We left all to follow you,”  
Jesus affirmed, “Rewards await, it’s true.  

Leave family, leave land, for my good news,  
Eternal life you'll gain, though trials, too."  

First will be last, last will be first,  
Life's order reversed, for those who thirst.  

On the road to Jerusalem, Jesus led,  
Disciples amazed, yet filled with dread.  

"The Son of Man will be betrayed,"  
Jesus revealed, as the future laid.  

Mocked, scourged, and crucified to their disdain,  
But on the third day, He'll rise again.  

James and John sought glory's seat,  
"Can you drink my cup, accept the heat?"  

"We can," they said, unknowing at best,  
"Seats are given by whom it’s blessed."  

The ten heard, were indignant with the two,  
Jesus spoke, "Greatness is service, not just view."  

"To serve, not to be served, I came,"  
He said, "My life given, never the same."  

In Jericho, Bartimaeus cried in despair,  
"Son of David, have mercy, show you care!"  

Though told to hush, he shouted again,  
Jesus called him, "Come, friend."  

"What do you wish?" Jesus asked fair,  
"To see again," was the beggar's prayer.  

"Go your way, your faith's made you whole,"  
He saw, followed Jesus, heart and soul.
