Give thanks to Yahweh, for he's always good,  
His love lasts forever, just like it should.  

Let the redeemed shout out, from east to west,  
Yahweh saved them from foes, gave them rest.  

Wandered the wilderness, no city in sight,  
Hungry and thirsty, lost in the night.  

They cried to Yahweh, deep in their stress,  
He led them straight, to a city no less.  

"Praise Yahweh's kindness, his deeds so grand,  
He fills the hungry in this barren land."  

Some sat in darkness, chains held them tight,  
Rebelled against God, in the shadow of night.  

He brought them low, laboring hard,  
No one to help, no one on guard.  

They cried to Yahweh, in their distress,  
He broke their chains, offered them rest.  

"Praise Yahweh's kindness, his deeds so grand,  
He shattered those chains by his mighty hand."  

Fools in their folly, sick and near death,  
Hating all food, fighting for breath.  

They cried to Yahweh, he heard their call,  
Sent his word to heal, lifting them all.  

"Praise Yahweh's kindness, his deeds so grand,  
Offer thanks, sing out across the land."  

Sailors on ships, in waters so wide,  
Saw Yahweh's wonders as the waves rise.  

He commands the storm, lifts waves so high,  
Souls melt away as they reach for the sky.  

They stagger like drunks, at wits' end,  
Cried to Yahweh, who became their friend.  

He calmed the storm, the waves stood still,  
Led them safe, as per his will.  

"Praise Yahweh's kindness, his deeds so grand,  
Exalt him in the assembly, across the land."  

Turns rivers to deserts, springs to dry ground,  
Hearts of the wicked, nowhere to be found.  

But he turns desert to pools, makes springs flow,  
The hungry find hope, reap what they sow.  

He blesses them richly, their numbers grow,  
Livestock flourish, in fields they sow.  

Yet trouble comes, bows them low,  
Princes wander, with nowhere to go.  

He lifts the needy, families increase,  
Upright are glad, wicked's words cease.  

Whoever is wise, listen and see,  
Consider Yahweh's love, eternally free.
